1. ‘Who We Are’ Page (Home)

Creative Human Capital is a progressive human resources task force. 

We enable CEOs, entrepreneurs, enterprises, athletes, and creative impresarios to maximize the scope, vision, and deep thinking that is ordinarily a luxury for modern professionals. 

We are your behind-the-scenes secret weapon, supporting your vision to radiate with abundance and gain real traction.

Our <unique consulting approach> [link to What We Do page] identifies white space opportunities, enabling you to unleash the full power of your creative human capital—and watch your vision come alive. 


Our Enterprise Package
This package is tailored for CEOs, other executives, and entire enterprises searching for new ways to mine their human capital and harvest maximum success.
We electrify your human resources, uncover buried talents, and facilitate collaboration—even in the face of longstanding conflict.

<read more>

The Individual Service
This service is designed for entrepreneurs and other independent prophets. 
We share the full scope of your vision, freeing you to express it fully and manifest your dream.
 
<read more>

Have a Specific Query? 
Test our mettle with a question about what progressive human resources can do for you. 

<ask Jessica>

* *  

2. ‘What We Do’ Page

Creative Human Capital is a content management system—for all unseen, undefined, and untapped resources. These include your knowledge, passions, talents, raw intelligence—visible or not. 

We show you how to utilize three crucial tools to corral these resources into the service of your vision, so that it becomes a reality faster, with far less effort, and with far greater pleasure than you ever thought possible.  

1. We Clarify Intention <use h3 style>

Intention is where the rubber of your vision hits the road. Together, we create radiant, crystalline intention. Then we use it to nourish your vision—until it blossoms into the abundance, prosperity, and grace that you desire to be your future. 

2. We Activate Intuition

Intuition is about learning to faithfully trust your instincts. Together, we unveil and harness this natural gift. Then we allow it to channel a sure-footed path through the occasionally overwhelming noise: the naysayers, the obstacles, and the indifference of our often challenging modern world. 

3. We Simplify Information

Information can be the loudest noise of all. Together, we sort through this sensory and cognitive avalanche, and align it with your now fine-tuned intention and intuition. Essentially, we partner with information so that it greases the wheels of your vision caravan.

* * 

3. ‘Enterprise’ Page

On an enterprise level, <our services> [link] introduce perfection into your human resources program. They are right for your company if: 

You are launching a new product or service, and you want to ensure its success.
Growth has been stagnant, and you’re unsure of the right direction to take.
You are experiencing personnel conflict in any given department or team.
You want to invest in your business, but only with assurances of return on investment. 

First, we’ll identify your vision. If you had a magic wand, how would things look if business were flawless right now? 

Second, we’ll pinpoint what—if anything—is not working, and find the root sources. Then CHC will outline a detailed plan. 

As we perform our work, the magic unfolds. We will unleash innovation and unearth buried talents. We’ll liberate stifled collaboration—even in the face of longstanding conflict or entrenchment.  

Each of our enterprise packages is completely bespoke. Here are a few examples of what we can do.

We can individually support each member of your leadership team.
We can design an employee workshop that provides tangible, workable tools for transcending conflict and releasing creativity and passion. 
We can provide <individual coaching> [link to Services] for any identified personnel. 

To learn more, <ask Jessica>. 

* *  
4. ‘Individuals’ Page

On an individual level, <our services> [link] introduce perfection to your vision. They are right for you and your company if: 

You seek a team of people to support you, but are unsure of how to find and choose them.
You are feeling overwhelmed by the scope of your vision, and are unsure of how to move forward. 
You want to liberate the unconscious hurdles (personal and professional) that hold you back.

First, we’ll lay forth the full scope of your vision. If you had a magic wand, how would things look if your ideality equaled reality? 

Second, we’ll assemble a detailed plan that includes each next step. 

As we perform our work, the magic unfolds. We will unearth your latent talents, and unhinder your passions. We free you to perform the work you love.  

Each of <our services> [link to Services] is designed around your individual needs. To learn more, <ask Jessica>. 

* * 
5. ‘Services’ Page

We offer four levels of multidimensional, concierge-style human resources services. 

Episodic <use h3 style>


We conduct 15-minute and 1-hour sessions that shine a light on your most pressing current issue. You will be astonished at what may surface—and how easily it can be resolved. 

Episodic services are ideal for the entrepreneur with a fairly clear vision, who requires a boost or two along the way. You can schedule these sessions to suit your needs.

Collaborative


We conduct ongoing collaborations over a defined period of time: one week, one month, or three months. These collaborations provide the gentle, intense, and accountable support of a partner as you approach large-scale changes in your business. 

Collaborative services are ideal for people whose schedules and responsibilities are forestalling change. We help disperse your vision into manageable parts, so that it gains freedom and momentum as it materializes.

Intensive


We conduct intensive eight-hour sessions that deliver immediate clarity, ease, and momentum. 

Intensive services are ideal people that are ready for change now, and feel they don’t have time to waste.

Educational


We design employee workshops that provide tangible, workable tools for transcending conflict and releasing creativity and passion. 

Educational services are ideal for enterprises and businesses that are experiencing internal conflict, need a creativity boost, or otherwise desire to maximize their human resources. 

To learn more, <ask Jessica>. 

* * 

6. ‘Our Human Capital’ Page

By all rights, Jessica Chamberlin’s childhood should have been light as air. 

The CEO of Creative Human Capital grew up on a 100-acre farm in Carlisle, Pennsylvania: the product of sloping hills, rich pastureland, and goofball humor. An All-American athlete and straight-A student, Jessica was surrounded by beauty, laughter, and love. 

But the kindhearted blond never felt fully comfortable. She looked deeper, and crusaded with more passion than everyone else—and it showed. Athletic or not, the visionary farm girl was quite thoroughly an outsider. 

As it turned out, she was far ahead of her time.

To feed her quest, she went to work for herself. She ran a thriving corn stand with her sisters. She founded a busy landscaping business. While a student at American University, she took over the operation of her hometown recreational program. She coached a boys’ basketball team, and became the legal guardian to two boys whose family was in dire straits. 

But Jessica never forgot her mission: to find the key to unconditional happiness. Growing up, she’d seen too much the tendency in humans to squander their resources, or live out their lives without tapping the surface of all they were capable of. She determined to change that—first for herself, and then for others. 

Based on her dream and her vision, Jessica Chamberlin founded Creative Human Capital. 

To learn more, <ask Jessica>.

* * 

7. Ask Jessica (Forms page)

Ask Jessica for the Answer <use h1 style>

Name*

Email*

Phone

Your Question?

<Submit>


8. Contact Us

Contact Us

For more information on Creative Human Capital, write or call Jessica Chamberlin:

Creative Human Capital
18 E 18th St
Suite 5E
New York, NY 10003

Phone: 917-331-0389

Email: jessica@creativehumancapital.com
